eID Substantial with MRTD Verification (#843)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/credential-issuance-l2plus.rst

.. include:: ../common/common_definitions.rst

eID Substantial Authentication with MRTD Verification for PID Issuance
=======================================================================

> This Section defines an eID Substantial Authentication with MRTD Verification protocol that integrates within the PID issuance flow as defined in the Section :ref:`credential-issuance-low-level:Credential Issuance Low-Level Flows` extending OAuth2 flows to include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Section defines an eID Substantial Authentication with MRTD Verification protocol that integrates within the PID issuance flow as defined in the Section :ref:`credential-issuance-low-level:Credential Issuance Low-Level Flows` extending OAuth 2.0 flows to include:
```

> 	- Electronic identification with Level of Assurance "Substantial" (LoA3) as the primary authentication step.

Reviewer: this seems duplicated from the previous note, saying the same thing using amost the same words

	- Electronic document verification as an additional identity verification layer.
	- Session correlation and security binding between authentication steps.
	- Integration with Credential issuance flows.

While CIEid with LoA High authentication remains the primary method for Wallet activation and PID issuance, the eID Substantial Authentication with MRTD Verification mechanism defined in this Section provides an alternative approach to enhance service accessibility and usability, without compromising the overall security of the IT-Wallet ecosystem.

.. note::

>   This Section currently only supports the CIE id card for the MRTD verification protocol, but the protocol described in this Section may be extended to support other MRTD Documents such as Electronic Passports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This Section currently only supports the CIE id card for the MRTD verification protocol, the protocol described in this Section MAY be extended to support other MRTD Documents such as Electronic Passports.
```

Design Principles
-----------------

The protocol adheres to the following design principles:

> 	- **Standard Compatibility**: Extends existing authorization frameworks without breaking changes to the standard OAuth Authorization Framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- **Standard Compatibility**: Extends existing authorization frameworks without breaking changes to the standard OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework.
```

	- **Multi-Step Authentication**: Implement progressive enforcement of authentication with MRTD verification.
	- **Session Integrity**: Maintains secure session correlation across authentication steps.
	- **Unified Flow**: Integrates multiple authentication factors in a single authorization session.

System Architecture
-------------------

The system architecture comprises the following main components:

> 	- **Wallet Instance:** It handles the PID request according to IT-Wallet Specification, supporting additional cryptographic capabilities for MRTD/IAS Electronic Document reading according to ICAO 9303 and BSI-03110 specifications.

Reviewer: I would like to have href about ICAO 9303 and BSI-03110

> 	- **eID Substantial Authentication with MRTD Verification System:** Orchestrates the authentication flow, integrating LoA3 Identity Providers, Electronic Document Verification Service, and performing all the identity correlation checks to guarantee that the User requesting a PID is the same authenticated User.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- **eID Substantial Authentication with MRTD Verification System:** Orchestrates the authentication flow, integrating LoA3 Identity Providers, Electronic Document Verification Service, and performing all the identity correlation checks to guarantee that the User requesting a PID mathes with the authenticated one.
```

		- **PID Authorization Server:** Handles the authorization flow for PID Issuance, coordinating the User authentication and the remote identity proofing.
		- **MRTD PoP Service:** Handles electronic document proof of possession with cryptographic document validation.

	- **LoA3 Identity Provider:** Provides Electronic Identification Schemes with eIDAS LoA3 compliance (CIEid and SPID).

> 	- **CIE National Registry:** Provides privacy-preserved evidence of the binding between NIS and User's Tax payer's identification number required for the MRTD verification and, optionally, the MRZ data (document number, date of birth,expiry date, citizenship and gender) to improve the user experience. It also provides information related to the validity status of the document. It acts as the authoritative source for the CIE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- **CIE National Registry:** Provides privacy-preserved evidence of the binding between NIS and User's Tax payer's identification number required for the MRTD verification and, optionally, the MRZ data (document number, date of birth, expiry date, citizenship and gender) to improve the User experience. It also provides information related to the validity status of the document. It acts as the authoritative source for the CIE.
```

High-Level Flow
---------------

The protocol consists of the following sequential phases:

> 1. **OAuth Authorization Request**: PAR and authorization request with eID Substantial Authentication with MRTD Verification requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **OAuth Authorization Request**: PAR and authorization request with eID Substantial Authentication with MRTD Verification.
```

Session Management
------------------

The Authorization Server MUST maintain a unified session across all authentication steps, ensuring:

	- **Session Continuity**: Single session identifier throughout the authentication flow.
	- **State Correlation**: Authentication results from each step are correlated.
	- **Security Binding**: Binding between authentication steps.

> This specification assumes that the PID Authorization Server and the MRTD PoP Service operate within the PID Provider boundary architecture. This architectural assumption is RECOMMENDED to ensure that the OAuth session and the relevant nonces used within the protocol flow are properly handled by both components without introducing additional complexity in session state synchronization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the PID Authorization Server and the MRTD PoP Service operate within the PID Provider boundary implementation, it is RECOMMENDED that the OAuth 2.0 session and the nonces used within the protocol flow are properly handled by both components seamlessly.
```

When both services operate within the same trust boundary, the following mechanisms are available for session correlation:

	- Direct memory access to shared session stores.
	- Internal service-to-service authentication using pre-shared keys.
	- Synchronized nonce validation without external communication overhead.
	- Unified audit logging and security event correlation.

> When the PID Authorization Server or MRTD PoP Service is deployed outside the PID Provider boundary architecture, implementers MUST refer to the :ref:`credential-issuance-l2plus:Security Considerations` for additional security measures that MUST be taken to ensure proper management of User authentication sessions. These measures include but are not limited to secure session token exchange, distributed session validation, and enhanced audit trail mechanisms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the PID Authorization Server or MRTD PoP Service is deployed outside the PID Provider boundary implementation, the :ref:`credential-issuance-l2plus:Security Considerations` MUST be taken into account to harden the User authentication sessions management. These measures include but are not limited to secure session token handling, distributed session validation, and enhanced audit trail mechanisms.
```

Low-Level Flow
--------------

> This section provides technical details on how to request PID Issuance through the combination of Level of Assurance Substantial electronic identification and remote identity proofing through verification of the electronic document. The MRTD Verification service handles secure document reading and validation as part of an eID Substantial Authentication with MRTD Verification process initiated by the PID Authorization Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section provides technical details about the PID Issuance using Level of Assurance Substantial and remote identity proofing through verification of the electronic document using a MRTD Verification service.
```

Phase 1: OAuth Authorization Request
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The Wallet Instance initiates the eID Substantial Authentication with MRTD Verification flow by submitting a Pushed Authorization Request (PAR) containing a JWT-secured Authorization Request (JAR) with authentication requirements specified via Rich Authorization Requests (RAR).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Wallet Instance initiates the eID Substantial Authentication with MRTD Verification flow by submitting a Pushed Authorization Request (PAR), using a JWT-secured Authorization Request (JAR) and Rich Authorization Requests (RAR) as specified below.
```

Authorization Details
"""""""""""""""""""""

The JWT Request Object MUST contain the same parameters as defined in :ref:`credential-issuance-endpoint:Pushed Authorization Request Endpoint`. When the User requests a PID using eID Substantial Authentication with MRTD Verification, the Wallet Instance MUST include an additional **Authorization Details Object** in the ``authorization_details`` parameter, with the structure and claims as defined in the Table of the JWT Request parameters of Section :ref:`credential-issuance-endpoint:Pushed Authorization Request Endpoint`

Below a non-normative example of PAR:

> .. code-block:: http

Reviewer: please move the examples in importables blocks, making them usable in both the english and the italian version

   * - **type**
     - string
     - REQUIRED. Type of the required interaction. It MUST be set to ``mrtd+ias``.
   * - **auth_session**
     - string
     - REQUIRED. Session identifier.
   * - **state**
     - string
     - REQUIRED. MUST be the same value as in the initial Request Object.
   * - **nonce**
     - string
     - REQUIRED. Nonce value for replay protection. It MUST be obtained by the MRTD PoP Service that MUST have direct control over this value.
   * - **htu**
     - string
     - REQUIRED. HTTP URI of the MRTD PoP initialization endpoint.
   * - **htm**
     - string
     - REQUIRED. HTTP method for the MRTD PoP initialization request. MUST be ``POST``.

The Wallet Instance MUST:

	- Validate the JWT signature using the PID Provider's public key obtained through trust evaluation.
	- Verify that the ``status`` field is set to "require_interaction".
	- Verify the authentication type matches the expected value ``mrtd+ias``.
	- Extract HTTP target URI (``htu``) and method (``htm``) for the next step.
	- Handle JWT validation and network errors, and provide user feedback with appropriate retry mechanisms.

MRTD PoP Request
""""""""""""""""

> 

Reviewer: please use an Href to OAuth 2.0 Attestation Based Client Authentication

The Wallet Instance MUST send an HTTP POST Request to the MRTD PoP Service initialization endpoint with ``application/json`` as content type, including Wallet Attestation and Wallet Attestation JWT PoP in the header according to *OAuth 2.0 Attestation Based Client Authentication*. The payload of the Request contains the following parameters:

.. _table_eID_MRTD_PoP_Request:
.. list-table:: MRTD PoP Request Parameters
   :widths: 20 15 65
   :header-rows: 1

   * - **Parameter**
     - **Type**
     - **Description**
   * - **auth_session**
     - string
     - REQUIRED. Session identifier for session binding.
   * - **nonce**
     - string
     - REQUIRED. Nonce value obtained from the MRTD Proof JWT.

Below a non-normative example of an MRTD PoP Request:

.. code-block:: http

    POST /edoc-proof/init HTTP/1.1
    Host: pid-provider.example.org
    Content-Type: application/json
    OAuth-Client-Attestation: eyJhbGciOiJFUzI1NiIsImtp…
    OAuth-Client-Attestation-PoP: eyJhbGciOiJFUz…

    {
      "auth_session": "wxroVrBY2MCq4dDNGXACS",

>       "nonce": "nonce1"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "mrtd_pop_nonce": "$random-nonce-value"
```

    }

**The Wallet Instance MUST:**

	- Validate the MRTD Proof JWT signature using the PID Provider's public key.
	- Verify the JWT ``aud`` claim matches its ``client_id``.
	- Ensure the JWT ``exp`` claim indicates the token has not expired.

> 	- Extract the ``auth_session`` and ``nonce`` values for correlation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Extract the ``auth_session`` and ``mrtd_pop_nonce`` values for correlation.
```

> 	- Include valid Wallet Attestation according to OAuth 2.0 Attestation Based Client Authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Include valid Wallet Attestation according to OAuth 2.0 Attestation Based Client Authentication.
```

href to OAuth 2.0 Attestation Based Client Authentication

	- Handle network errors and implement appropriate retry mechanisms.

**The MRTD PoP Service MUST:**

> 	- Validate the Wallet Attestation according to OAuth 2.0 Attestation Based Client Authentication.

Reviewer: href to OAuth 2.0 Attestation Based Client Authentication

	- Verify the ``auth_session`` parameter matches an active session.
	- Validate the ``nonce`` parameter corresponds to the one issued at the previous step.

The MRTD PoP Service MAY request the MRZ information (document number, date of birth, expiry date, citizenship and gender) directly to the CIE National Registry using the Tax payer's identification number of the authenticated User. In this case, the MRTD PoP Service is able to check if the authenticated User owns a valid CIE and If this is not the case, it MUST send an HTTP Error Response with HTTP Error code ``access_denied``.

MRTD PoP Response
"""""""""""""""""

If the HTTP Request is successfully processed, the MRTD PoP Service MUST send a HTTP Response with code *202 Accepted* and ``application/json`` as content type. The payload of the JSON response contains the parameters included in the following table:

.. _table_eID_MRTD_PoP_Response:
.. list-table:: MRTD PoP Response Parameters
   :widths: 20 15 65
   :header-rows: 1

   * - **Parameter**
     - **Type**
     - **Description**
   * - **challenge**
     - string

>      - REQUIRED. Challenge data for cryptographic document validation. It SHOULD be the SHA-256 hash value of a random value with the ``auth_session`` and timestamp for cryptographic binding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - REQUIRED. Challenge data for cryptographic document validation. It SHOULD use an hashed random value, containing the ``auth_session`` value and the timestamp.
```

   * - **mrtd_pop_nonce**
     - string
     - REQUIRED. Unique nonce value for the next step, preventing replay attacks.
   * - **mrz**
     - string
     - OPTIONAL. Machine Readable Zone information including document number, date of birth, expiry date, citizenship and gender.

Below a non-normative example of an MRTD PoP Response:

.. code-block:: http

    HTTP/1.1 202 Accepted
    Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8

    {
      "mrtd_pop_nonce":"9f2c4a7e3b1d8c9a6e5f4b2a1c3d7e8f",
      "mrz":"...",
      "challenge":"..."
    }

**The MRTD PoP Service MUST:**

> 	- Generate cryptographically secure challenge data for ``MRTD+IAS`` validation with sufficient entropy (to be used in Anti-Cloning Internal Authentication protocol by the Wallet Instance), storing it with an appropriate expiration time. Moreover, the MRTD PoP Service MUST ensure challenge uniqueness to prevent reuse attacks.

Reviewer: give ref where the Anti-Cloning Internal Authentication is defined or define it

Reviewer: @m-basili ^

	- Create a new unique ``nonce`` for the next step to prevent replay attacks.
	- Validate session continuity by ensuring the ``auth_session`` parameter corresponds to an active session.
	- Return HTTP *202 Accepted* status to indicate asynchronous processing initiation.
	- Include proper Content-Type header (``application/json; charset=utf-8``).
	- Handle service errors and return appropriate error responses.
	- Extract and validate MRZ information if provided from external registry services.

**The Wallet Instance MUST:**

	- Validate HTTP response status (*202 Accepted*) and content type.
	- Parse JSON response and validate required parameters (``challenge``, ``nonce``).
	- Extract challenge data for cryptographic document validation.
	- Store new ``nonce`` value securely for subsequent validation requests.
	- Validate optional MRZ information if present in the response.
	- Handle errors, providing relative user feedback.

> 	- Store challenge data temporarily in secure memory (not persistent storage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Store challenge data temporarily.
```

Reviewer: @m-basili what's happened about this comment?

	- Prepare NFC reading session.

The Wallet Instance performs NFC-based electronic document reading and validation, then submits the evidence to the PID Provider for final verification and identity correlation with the LoA3 authentication result.

MRTD PoP Validation Request
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> Upon all the evidence has been collected through NFC interaction with the Electronic Document, the Wallet Instance MUST send all data to the PID Provider Authorization Server for the final validation and identity cross checks. The Wallet Instance MUST send a HTTP POST Request with ``application/json`` as content type, including Wallet Attestation and Wallet Attestation JWT PoP in the header according to *OAuth 2.0 Attestation Based Client Authentication*. The payload of the Request contains the following parameters.

Reviewer: pls a massive replace using an href  on all the occurencies of *OAuth 2.0 Attestation Based Client Authentication*

   :widths: 20 15 65
   :header-rows: 1

   * - **Field**
     - **Type**
     - **Description**
   * - **dg1**
     - string
     - REQUIRED. Base64-encoded Data Group 1 (MRZ information:document number, date of birth, expiry date, citizenship and gender).
   * - **dg11**
     - string
     - REQUIRED. Base64-encoded Data Group 11 (additional personal data).
   * - **sod_mrtd**
     - string
     - REQUIRED. Base64-encoded Security Object of Document for MRTD.

IAS Object Structure
""""""""""""""""""""

The ``ias`` object contains the following fields:

.. _table_eID_MRTD_IAS_Object:
.. list-table:: IAS Object Structure
   :widths: 20 15 65
   :header-rows: 1

   * - **Field**
     - **Type**
     - **Description**
   * - **nis**
     - string
     - REQUIRED. NIS (Service Identification Number) value.
   * - **ias_pk**
     - string
     - REQUIRED. Base64-encoded IAS public key in DER format.
   * - **sod_ias**
     - string
     - REQUIRED. Base64-encoded Security Object of Document for IAS.
   * - **challenge_signed**
     - string
     - REQUIRED. Base64-encoded signed challenge response.

Below a non-normative example of an MRTD PoP Validation Request:

> .. code-block:: http

Reviewer: pls move to a separate code block and include it in both the en adn the it docs

      "auth_session":"wxroVrBY2MCq4dDNGXACS",
      "nonce":"9f2c4a7e3b1d8c9a6e5f4b2a1c3d7e8f"
    }

**The Wallet Instance MUST:**

	- Perform ICAO 9303 compliant NFC document reading (PACE,etc.).
	- Validate document cryptographic signatures and certificate chains.
	- Extract identity attributes (DG1 and DG11), NIS, Anti-Cloning Public Key from document data groups, and SODs (form MRTD and IAS Applications).
	- Perform the Anti-Cloning Internal Authentication.
	- Generate validation evidence in the JWT.
	- Authenticate using a valid Wallet Instance Attestation.

> 	- Include the exact ``auth_session`` and ``nonce`` from the init response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Include the exact ``mrtd_auth_session`` and ``mrtd_pop_nonce`` from the init response.
```

.. _table_eID_MRTD_PoP_Validation_Response:
.. list-table:: MRTD PoP Validation Response Parameters
   :widths: 20 15 65
   :header-rows: 1

   * - **Parameter**
     - **Type**
     - **Description**
   * - **verification_nonce**
     - string
     - REQUIRED. Final confirmation nonce for browser-based callback.

Below a non-normative example of an MRTD PoP Validation Response:

.. code-block:: http

    HTTP/1.1 202 Accepted
    Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8

    {
      "verification_nonce": "final_nonce_abc123"
    }

Browser-based Final Confirmation
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Upon successful MRTD PoP validation, the Wallet Instance MUST redirect the User Agent to the ``challenge_redirect_uri`` specified in the initial Authorization Details Object, including the ``verification_nonce`` as a query parameter:

.. code-block:: text

    https://wallet.example.org/l2plus-callback?verification_nonce=final_nonce_abc123

The Wallet Instance MUST validate that the ``verification_nonce`` matches the value received from the MRTD PoP Validation Response.

Phase 4: OAuth Authorization Response
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Upon successful completion of all authentication steps and identity correlation, the Authorization Server MUST issue the final OAuth Authorization Response. If all validation checks have been passed, the Authorization Server MUST redirect the User Agent again to the Wallet Instance with an OAuth Authorization Response including the authorization code as defined in steps 6-7 of :ref:`credential-issuance-low-level:Low-Level Issuance Flow`, and in Section :ref:`credential-issuance-endpoint:Authorization Response`. The Authorization Server MUST use the ``redirect_uri`` included in the initial Request Object by the Wallet Instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon successful completion of all authentication steps and identity matching, the Authorization Server MUST issue the final OAuth Authorization Response. If all validation checks have been passed, the Authorization Server MUST redirect the User Agent to the Wallet Instance with an OAuth Authorization Response including the authorization code as defined in steps 6-7 of :ref:`credential-issuance-low-level:Low-Level Issuance Flow`, and in Section :ref:`credential-issuance-endpoint:Authorization Response`. The Authorization Server MUST use the ``redirect_uri`` included in the initial Request Object by the Wallet Instance.
```

   * - **temporarily_unavailable**
     - Document validation service or CIE Registry service is temporarily unavailable.

MRTD PoP Validation Response Errors
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _table_eID_MRTD_PoP_Validation_Response_Errors:
.. list-table:: MRTD PoP Validation Response Error Codes
   :widths: 30 70
   :header-rows: 1

   * - **Error Code**
     - **Description**
   * - **invalid_client**
     - Wallet Instance authentication failed.
   * - **invalid_request**
     - HTTP Validation Request or Validation JWT is invalid or malformed (due to a malformed structure, missing data, signature failure, request timeout, etc.).
   * - **access_denied**
     - User authentication or document validation failed.

HTTP Status Code Mapping
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Error responses MUST use appropriate HTTP status codes:

	- **400 Bad Request**: For ``invalid_request`` errors.
	- **401 Unauthorized**: For ``invalid_client`` errors.
	- **403 Forbidden**: For ``access_denied`` errors.
	- **503 Service Unavailable**: For ``temporarily_unavailable`` errors.

Security Considerations
-----------------------

Secure Session Management
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The ``auth_session`` parameter serves as the primary correlation mechanism between authentication steps. Implementations MUST ensure this identifier has sufficient entropy (minimum 128 bits) and is cryptographically secure. The session identifier MUST be validated at each step to prevent session fixation attacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``auth_session`` parameter serves as binding proof between authentication steps. It MUST be cryptographically secured and use a sufficient entropy (minimum 128 bits). The ``auth_session`` value MUST be validated by the Authrozation Server to prevent session fixation attacks and maintain the same Level of Assurance within the entire session.
```

> Each authentication step MUST be cryptographically bound to the OAuth session through signed JWT validation to prevent session fixation, session confusion, and identity substitution attacks. The Authorization Server MUST maintain the correlation between the LoA3 identity and the document proof within a single session context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Cryptographic Challenge Generation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The MRTD PoP Service MUST generate cryptographically secure challenges with sufficient entropy for document validation. Challenge values MUST be unique and MUST NOT be reused across different sessions or authentication attempts. The challenge generation algorithm SHOULD incorporate the ``auth_session`` identifier and timestamp to ensure proper cryptographic binding.

Nonce Lifecycle Management
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Each step in the eID Substantial Authentication with MRTD Verification flow MUST use unique nonce values to prevent replay attacks. Nonce values MUST have appropriate expiration times and MUST be invalidated after successful use. The PID Authorization Server and MRTD PoP Service MUST maintain synchronized nonce validation to ensure session integrity.

Security Controls
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The following security controls MUST be implemented in the protocol:

.. _table_eID_MRTD_Security_Controls:
.. list-table:: eID Substantial Authentication with MRTD Verification Security Controls
   :widths: 10 60 30
   :header-rows: 1

   * - **#**
     - **Description**
     - **Phase**
   * - **SC1**

>      - The network communication channels are protected by using TLS v1.2+ with secure ciphers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The network communication channels are protected by using TLS with secure ciphers (at the time of this release, it is at least TLS v1.2).
```

     - All
   * - **SC2**
     - The Wallet Instance ensures the authenticity of the PID Provider and the eID Identity Provider by pinning the leaf certificate of each server.
     - All
   * - **SC3**

>      - The PID Authorization Server verifies that the eID Identity Provider used within the *eID LoA3* phase is accredited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The PID Authorization Server verifies that the eID Identity Provider used within the *eID LoA3* phase is trustworthy.
```

     - Phase 2
   * - **SC4**
     - The PID Authorization Server verifies the authenticity and integrity of the data extracted from the *eID LoA3* assertion, by checking the digital signature.
     - Phase 2
   * - **SC5**
     - The challenge value and all nonce values are generated with safeguards to prevent bruteforce or guessing attacks.
     - Phase 3
   * - **SC6**
     - The PID Provider verifies all the nonce values to detect replay attacks.
     - Phase 3
   * - **SC7**

>      - The Wallet Instance verifies that ``challenge_info`` is properly signed by the PID Authorization Server. Moreover, it checks that ``challenge_info`` contains: an ``iss`` value corresponding to the value of the PID Authorization Server; an aud value equal to the ``client_id`` of the Wallet Instance; and a ``state`` value equal to the one in the PAR request, to be sure that the response is bound to the initial request that is made by the Wallet Instance in Step 2. Therefore the information provided as part of ``challenge_info``, in particular the ``htu`` that corresponds to the redirect url to follow for the *MRTD PoP*, is not tampered with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The Wallet Instance verifies that ``challenge_info`` is properly signed by the PID Authorization Server. Moreover, it checks that ``challenge_info`` contains: an ``iss`` value corresponding to the value of the PID Authorization Server; an ``aud`` value equal to the ``client_id`` of the Wallet Instance; and a ``state`` value equal to the one in the PAR request, to be sure that the response is bound to the initial request that is made by the Wallet Instance in Step 2. Therefore the information provided as part of ``challenge_info``, in particular the ``htu`` that corresponds to the redirect url to follow for the *MRTD PoP*, is not tampered with.
```

     - Phase 3
   * - **SC8**

>      - The PID Provider checks that the ``auth_session`` is associated with the same Wallet Instance in all the requests within the *MRTD PoP* phase. Therefore the PID Provider can be sure that the Wallet Instance performing the *MRTD PoP* phase: is trusted; is always the same across the protocol; and has previously started the PID issuance (PAR request). This can be implemented by requesting the Wallet Instance to perform a proof of possession of its private key (e.g., within OAuth-Client-Attestation or by signing a nonce value).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The PID Provider checks that the ``auth_session`` is associated with the same Wallet Instance in all the requests within the *MRTD PoP* phase. Therefore the PID Provider checks that the Wallet Instance performing the *MRTD PoP* phase is trusted, it is always the same across the requests, and it has previously started the PID issuance (PAR request). This can be implemented by requesting the Wallet Instance to perform a proof of possession of its private key (e.g., within OAuth-Client-Attestation or by signing a nonce value).
```
